= geera

* http://example.com/

== DESCRIPTION:

Geera is a command line tool for dealing with Jira tickets.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Uses soap4r

== SYNOPSIS:

Geera provides a command line tool for interacting with the Jira ticketing
system.

After you've installed Geera, you must configure your ~/.geera file like this:

  $ geera setup

That command will create a $HOME/.geera file for you to fill out.  The config
file will look something like this:

  --- 
  url: FIXME
  username: FIXME
  qa: FIXME
  password: FIXME

The "url" value should point to the Jira API url.  "username" and "password"
are your username and password for the Jira system.  When running "geera fix",
the ticket will be automatically reassigned to the username listed in "qa".
If the "qa" value is removed, the ticket will not be reassigned when the
ticket is fixed.

=== Basic Usage

Geera commands have the basic form of "geera ACTION TICKET", where
ACTION is the action you want to perform, and TICKET is the ticket on which
you wish to perform that action.

The current available commands are:

  * start
  * fix
  * mv
  * take
  * comment

=== "start" command

The "start" command lets you start a ticket.  This command only works when the
ticket is in a startable state.  For example:

  $ geera start BZ-1000

This command will set the state of BZ-1000 to "start".  If the ticket is not
in a startable state, an error will be displayed.

=== "fix" command

The "fix" command puts the ticket in to a fixed state.  If the ticket is
startable, it will first start the ticket, then put the ticket in fixed state.

  $ geera fix BZ-1000

The ticket BZ-1000 should be in the "fixed" state.  If a user is specified in
the "qa" section of the configuration file, the ticket will be automatically
reassigned to that user.

=== "mv" command

The "mv" command reassigns a ticket to another user.  The following command
will reassign the ticket BZ-1000 to the user "foo":

  $ geera mv BZ-1000 foo

=== "take" command

The "take" command is similar to the "mv" command, but assigns the ticket to
the user listed in the "username" section of the configuration file.  This
command is useful when you wish to "take" a ticket from someone:

  $ geera take BZ-1000

=== "comment" command

The "comment" command lets you comment on a ticket.  Comments are passed in
through the -m flag.  For example:

  $ geera comment BZ-1000 -m'This is a comment'

== Comments

An optional "-m" flag is available on every command.  The "-m" flag will
automatically attach a comment to the ticket in addition to the original
command performed.  For example, we can fix a ticket and add a comment at the
same time by doing:

  $ geera fix BZ-1000 -m'I totally fixed this ticket'

== Example Workflows

First, start the ticket, then do work, then fix the ticket:

  $ geera start BZ-1000 -m'starting to work on awesome feature'
  $ ...
  $ ...
  $ geera fix BZ-1000 -m'finished awesome feature'

Maybe you need to add comments while fixing stuff:

  $ geera start BZ-1000 -m'starting to work on awesome feature'
  $ ...
  $ geera comment BZ-1000 -m'I had to totally do this thing'
  $ ...
  $ geera fix BZ-1000 -m'finished awesome feature'

You do some work, then need to give the ticket to someone else:

  $ geera start BZ-1000 -m'starting to work on awesome feature'
  $ ...
  $ geera mv BZ-1000 coworker -m'This was too hard for me!'


== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install geera

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 ATT Interactive

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
